Improve readme.md (#172)
massalabs/as: README.md

This repository is a collection of tools, objects and functions in *AssemblyScript*.

> - *Most essential Classes and helper functions* with **as-types**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Essential Classes and helper functions* with **as-types**
```

This repository is a collection of tools, objects and functions in *AssemblyScript*.

> - *Classes and helper functions* with **as-types**

Reviewer 2: Helper functions but also SC types and type serialization ?

> - *Random draws* with **as-proba**

Reviewer 2: Not just random draws ? Maybe just precise what his purpose is for SC developers ?

Author: What do you think about "*Most essential Classes and helper functions* with **as-types**" ?

Reviewer 2: > What do you think about "_Most essential Classes and helper functions_ with **as-types**" ?

For the first comment, but I agree.

Reviewer 2: What about: "*Probabilistic simulation functionalities for smart contracts*" ?

> - *AssemblyScript transformers for unit testing and reading a file* with **as-transformer**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *AssemblyScript transformers, dynamic code replacement features* with **as-transformer**
```

```plain
npm run doc
```
## Usage
After installing *As*, you can import the object classes and functions that you need in your AssemblyScript file.

For example, to use the `combination` function to determine the combination of 2 numbers, you can import and use it like this:
```typescript
import { combination } from  '@massalabs/as-proba';
import { Args } from  '@massalabs/as-types';

> // This main function is called automatically when the smart contract is executed by the blockchain.

Reviewer: I'm not sure it's still true

Reviewer: I think now it is the constructor that is called automatically, so I am not sure if this statement is still true. I may be wrong

Author: oh yes

//the argument args contains the serialized values n and k (n >= k) as U64

> export function main(args: StaticArray<u8>): void {

Reviewer: I would use something more specific than main like calculateCombination

	const  n = args.nextU64();
	const  k = args.nextU64();
	const  result = combination(n, k);
	generateEvent(`The result of the combination of ${n.toString()} and ${k.toString()} is ${result.toString()}`);
}
```
## Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community!

> If you would like to contribute to Massa-as-sdk, please read the [CONTRIBUTING file](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer 2: Bad copy/paste ?

Author: We havent created this files yet. Once we do it it will work

Reviewer 2: same

## License

> Massa-as-sdk is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Reviewer 2: Bad copy/paste ?

Author: We havent created this files yet. Once we do it it will work

Reviewer 2: same

## Powered By

> Massa-as-sdk is developed with love by MassaLabs and powered by a variety of [open-source projects](powered-by.md).

Reviewer 2: Bad copy/paste ?

Author: We havent created this files yet. Once we do it it will work

Reviewer 2: Not talking about the link the the fact that you are talking about Massa-as-sdk
